---
name: The researching result on Math
use_math: true
heading1: The researching result on Math
motivation: Someday it will all make sense.
about: MATH
---

The researching result on Math

## Convolution

1. [Official Definition](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/Convolution.html)
    A convolution is an integral that expresses the amount of overlap of one function g as it is shifted over another function f. It therefore "blends" one function with another. 


## Inverse Power of Function

In my opinion, normally, y  = f(x) now, we will make x as y, $y = f^{-1}x$

## Conjugation

A math conjugate is formed by changing the sign between two terms in a binomial. For instance, the conjugate of x + y is x - y. We can also say that x + y is a conjugate of x - y. In other words, the two binomials are conjugates of each other

## Fourier Transforms in Scipy

### fft(x[, n, axis, overwrite_x])

* Return discrete Fourier transform of real or complex sequence.
* $y[k] = \sum_{n=0}^{N-1}e^{-2\pi j\frac{kn}{N}x[n]}$  > The FFT y[k] of length N of the length-N sequence x[n]

### ifft(x[, n, axis, overwrite_x])

* Return discrete inverse Fourier transform of real or complex sequence.
* $x[n] = \frac{1}{N}\sum_{k=0}^{N-1}e^{-2\pi j\frac{kn}{N}y[k]}$ > The iFFT x[n] of the length-N sequence of y[k]

### fft2(x[, shape, axes, overwrite_x])

* 2-D discrete Fourier transform.
* $y[k, l] = \frac{1}{MN}\sum_{m=0}^{M-1}\sum_{n=0}^{N-1}f[m, n]e^{-2\pi j(\frac{km}{M}+\frac{n}{N})}$  

### ifft2(x[, shape, axes, overwrite_x])

* 2-D discrete inverse Fourier transform of real or complex sequence.
* $y[k, l] = \sum_{m=0}^{M-1}\sum_{n=0}^{N-1}f[m, n]e^{2\pi j(\frac{km}{M}+\frac{n}{N})}$

### fftn(x[, shape, axes, overwrite_x])

* Return multidimensional discrete Fourier transform.

### ifftn(x[, shape, axes, overwrite_x])

* Return inverse multi-dimensional discrete Fourier transform.

### rfft(x[, n, axis, overwrite_x])

* Discrete Fourier transform of a real sequence.

### irfft(x[, n, axis, overwrite_x])

* Return inverse discrete Fourier transform of real sequence x.